chore: Rephrase references (#512)
guacsec/trustify-dependency-analytics: README.md

## Deploy on OpenShift

> The required parameters can be injected as environment variables through a secret. Create the `dependency-analytics-secret` Secret before deploying the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The required parameters can be injected as environment variables through a secret. Create the `trust-da-secret` Secret before deploying the application.
```

```bash
oc create secret generic -n exhort --from-literal=api-trustify-token=<api_token> dependency-analytics-secret
```

After that you can use the [dependency-analytics.yaml](./deploy/dependency-analytics.yaml)

```bash

> oc apply -f deploy/dependency-analytics.yaml

Reviewer: rename it to trust-da.yaml and don't forget to update the references in the file to use the `trust-da-secret`
